{'question': 'can an african team win the world cup', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Association footba
ll is the most popular sport in nearly every African country, and 13 members of the Confederation of
 African Football (CAF) have competed at the sport's biggest event -- the men's FIFA World Cup."}
{'question': 'can a hammer be used as a weapon', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Many martial arts emplo
y the use of common objects as weapons; Filipino martial arts such as Eskrima include practice with 
machetes, canes, bamboo spears, and knives as a result of the 333 year Spanish colonization that too
k place in the Philippines which prohibited the ownership and use of standard swords and bladed weap
ons; Chinese martial arts and some Korean martial arts commonly feature the use of improvised weapon
s such as fans, hammers and staves. There are even some western martial arts that are based on impro
vised weapons such as British quarterstaff fighting and Irish stick fighting.'}
{'question': 'do they still have fox hunts in england', 'answer': False, 'passage': "Fox hunting wit
h hounds, as a formalised activity, originated in England in the sixteenth century, in a form very s
imilar to that practised until February 2005, when a law banning the activity in England and Wales c
ame into force. A ban on hunting in Scotland had been passed in 2002, but it continues to be within 
the law in Northern Ireland and several other countries, including Australia, Canada, France, Irelan
d and the United States. In Australia, the term also refers to the hunting of foxes with firearms, s
imilar to deer hunting. In much of the world, hunting in general is understood to relate to any game
 animals or weapons (e.g., deer hunting with bow and arrow); in Britain and Ireland, ``hunting'' wit
hout qualification implies fox hunting (or other forms of hunting with hounds--beagling, drag huntin
g, hunting the clean boot, mink hunting, or stag hunting), as described here."}
{'question': 'can you wear short sleeve shirt with asu jacket', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The ASU 
includes a midnight blue coat and low waist trousers for male soldiers; and a midnight blue coat, sl
acks and skirt for female soldiers. The fabric for the ASU is heavier and more wrinkle resistant tha
n previously manufactured uniforms and will consist of 55% wool and 45% polyester material. The ASU 
coat has a tailored, athletic cut to improve uniform fit and appearance. The ASU includes an improve
d heavier and wrinkle resistant short and long-sleeved white shirt with permanent military creases a
nd shoulder loops. The JROTC version replaces the white shirt with the prototype grey shirt and gold
 braid is not worn on the blue trousers or on the sleeves of the class A coat. Compared to the Army'
s previous uniforms, the ASU does not include a garrison cap; soldiers will continue to wear the Arm
y's berets."}
{'question': 'has wisconsin ever been in the little league world series', 'answer': False, 'passage'
: 'This is the list of U.S. states that have participated in the Little League World Series. As of t
he 2018 LLWS, eight states had never reached the LLWS: Alaska, Colorado, Kansas, North Dakota, Utah,
 Vermont, Wisconsin, and Wyoming; additionally, the District of Columbia has never reached the LLWS.
'}
{'question': 'does damon and elena get together in season 3', 'answer': False, 'passage': "In the th
ird season, Damon helps Elena in bringing his brother, Stefan, back to Mystic Falls after Stefan bec
omes Klaus' henchman. The arrangement transpired after a bargain for his blood that would cure Damon
 of the werewolf bite he had received from Tyler. At first, he is reluctant to involve Elena in the 
rescue attempts, employing Alaric Saltzman, Elena's guardian, instead as Klaus does not know that El
ena is alive after the sacrifice which frees Klaus' hybrid side. However, Elena involves herself, de
sperate to find Stefan. Damon, though hesitant at first, is unable to refuse her because of his love
 for her. He also points out to her that she once turned back from finding Stefan since she knew Dam
on would be in danger, clearly showing that she also has feelings for him. He tells her that ``when 
(he) drag(s) (his) brother from the edge to deliver him back to (her), (he) wants her to remember th
e things (she) felt while he was gone.'' When Stefan finally returns to Mystic Falls, his attitude i
s different from that of the first and second seasons. This causes a rift between Elena and Stefan w
hereas the relationship between Damon and Elena becomes closer and more intimate. A still loyal Elen
a, however, refuses to admit her feelings for Damon. In 'Dangerous Liaisons', Elena, frustrated with
 her feelings for him, tells Damon that his love for her may be a problem, and that this could be ca
using all their troubles. This incenses Damon, causing him to revert to the uncaring and reckless Da
mon seen in the previous seasons. The rocky relationship between the two continues until the sexual 
tension hits the fan and in a moment of heated passion, Elena -- for the first time in the three sea
sons -- kisses Damon of her own accord. This kiss finally causes Elena to admit that she loves both 
brothers and realize that she must ultimately make her choice as her own ancestress, Katherine Pierc
e, who turned the brothers, once did. In assessment of her feelings for Damon, she states this: ``Da
mon just sort of snuck up on me. He got under my skin and no matter what I do, I can't shake him.'' 
In the season finale, a trip designed to get her to safety forces Elena to make her choice: to go to
 Damon and possibly see him one last time; or to go to Stefan and her friends and see them one last 
time. She chooses the latter when she calls Damon to tell him her decision. Damon, who is trying to 
stop Alaric, accepts what she says and she tells him that maybe if she had met Damon before she had 
met Stefan, her choice may have been different. This statement causes Damon to remember the first ni
ght he did meet Elena which was, in fact, the night her parents died - before she had met Stefan. No
t wanting anyone to know he was in town and after giving her some advice about life and love, Damon 
compels her to forget. He remembers this as he fights Alaric and seems accepting of his death when A
laric, whose life line is tied to Elena's, suddenly collapses in his arms. Damon is grief-stricken, 
knowing that this means that Elena has also died and yells, ``No! You are not dead!'' A heartbroken 
Damon then goes to the hospital demanding to see Elena when the doctor, Meredith Fell, tells him tha
t she gave Elena vampire blood. The last shot of the season finale episode shows Elena in transition
."}
{'question': 'is there a player in the nfl missing a hand', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Shaquem Alph
onso Griffin /ʃəˈkiːm/ (born July 20, 1995) is an American football linebacker for the Seattle Seaha
wks of the National Football League (NFL). He is the twin brother of Seahawks cornerback Shaquill Gr
iffin, and both brothers played college football for the University of Central Florida Knights. As a
n amputee with one hand, Shaquem Griffin received extensive media coverage as a prospective 2018 NFL
 Draft pick. He was selected as a fifth round pick (141st overall) by the Seahawks on April 28, 2018
, reuniting him with Shaquill.'}
{'question': 'is the other boleyn girl part of a series', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The novel was 
followed by a sequel called The Queen's Fool, set during the reign of Henry's daughter, Queen Mary. 
The Queen's Fool was followed by The Virgin's Lover, set during the early days of Queen Elizabeth I'
s reign."}
{'question': 'is there a group called the five heartbeats', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'To promote 
the film prior to its release, Townsend, along with the other actors who portrayed the fictional mus
ical quartet The Five Heartbeats (Leon Robinson, Michael Wright, Harry J. Lennix, and Tico Wells) pe
rformed in a concert with real-life Soul/R&B vocal group The Dells, one of many groups that inspired
 the film. The Dells sang and recorded the vocals as the actors lip synced.'}
{'question': 'is mount everest a part of the himalayas', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The Himalayan r
ange has many of the Earth's highest peaks, including the highest, Mount Everest. The Himalayas incl
ude over fifty mountains exceeding 7,200 metres (23,600 ft) in elevation, including ten of the fourt
een 8,000-metre peaks. By contrast, the highest peak outside Asia (Aconcagua, in the Andes) is 6,961
 metres (22,838 ft) tall."}
