{'question': 'does ethanol take more energy make that produces', 'answer': False, 'passage': "All bi
omass goes through at least some of these steps: it needs to be grown, collected, dried, fermented, 
distilled, and burned. All of these steps require resources and an infrastructure. The total amount 
of energy input into the process compared to the energy released by burning the resulting ethanol fu
el is known as the energy balance (or ``energy returned on energy invested''). Figures compiled in a
 2007 report by National Geographic Magazine point to modest results for corn ethanol produced in th
e US: one unit of fossil-fuel energy is required to create 1.3 energy units from the resulting ethan
ol. The energy balance for sugarcane ethanol produced in Brazil is more favorable, with one unit of 
fossil-fuel energy required to create 8 from the ethanol. Energy balance estimates are not easily pr
oduced, thus numerous such reports have been generated that are contradictory. For instance, a separ
ate survey reports that production of ethanol from sugarcane, which requires a tropical climate to g
row productively, returns from 8 to 9 units of energy for each unit expended, as compared to corn, w
hich only returns about 1.34 units of fuel energy for each unit of energy expended. A 2006 Universit
y of California Berkeley study, after analyzing six separate studies, concluded that producing ethan
ol uses less petroleum than producing gasoline."}
{'question': 'is house tax and property tax are same', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Property tax or '
house tax' is a local tax on buildings, along with appurtenant land. It is and imposed on the Posses
sor (not the custodian of property as per 1978, 44th amendment of constitution). It resembles the US
-type wealth tax and differs from the excise-type UK rate. The tax power is vested in the states and
 is delegated to local bodies, specifying the valuation method, rate band, and collection procedures
. The tax base is the annual rental value (ARV) or area-based rating. Owner-occupied and other prope
rties not producing rent are assessed on cost and then converted into ARV by applying a percentage o
f cost, usually four percent. Vacant land is generally exempt. Central government properties are exe
mpt. Instead a 'service charge' is permissible under executive order. Properties of foreign missions
 also enjoy tax exemption without requiring reciprocity. The tax is usually accompanied by service t
axes, using the same 
tax base. The rate structure is flat on rural (panchayat) properties, but in the urban (municipal) a
reas it is mildly progressive with about 80% of assessments falling in the first two brackets."}
{'question': 'is pain experienced in a missing body part or paralyzed area', 'answer': True, 'passag
e': 'Pain sensations are described as perceptions that an individual experiences relating to
 an organ or a limb that is not part of the body. Limb loss is a result of either removal
 by amputation or congenital limb deficiency.'}
{'question': 'is harry potter and the escape from gringotts a roller coaster ride', 'answer': True, 
'passage': 'Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts is a roller coaster
. Similar to dark rides, 
that utilizes special effects in a controlled-lighting environment and also employs mo
tion-based 3-D projection of both animation and live-action sequences to enhance the experience. The
 ride, which is themed to the Gringotts Wizarding Bank, became the flagship attraction for the expan
ded Wizarding World of Harry Potter when it opened on July 8, 2014.'}
{'question': 'is there a difference between hydroxyzine hcl and hydroxyzine pam', 'answer': True, 'p
assage': "Hydroxyzine preparations require a doctor's prescription. The drug is available in two for
mulations,the hydrochloride salts or the pamoate and the dihydrochloride.While Atarax, Alamon, Aterax, Durrax, Tran-Q, Or
gatrax, Quiess, and Tranquizine are of the hydrochloride salt, Vistaril, Equipose, Masmoran,
 and Paxistil are preparations of the pamoate salt,."}
{'question': "is barq's root beer a pepsi product", 'answer': False, 'passage': "Barq's /ˈbɑːrks/ is
 an American soft drink. Its brand of root beer is notable for having caffeine. Barq's, created by E
dward Barq and bottled since the turn of the 20th century, is bottled b
y the Coca-Cola Company. It was known as Barq's Famous Olde Tyme Root Beer until 2012."}
{'question': 'can an odd number be divided by an even number', 'answer': True, 'passage': "In mathem
atics, parity is the property of an integer's inclusion in one of two categories: even or odd. An in
teger is even if it is evenly divisible by two and odd if it is not even. For example, 6 is even bec
ause there is no remainder when dividing it by 2. By contrast, 3, 5, 7, 21 leave a remainder of 1 wh
en divided by 2. Examples of even numbers include −4, 0, 82 and 178. In particular, zero is an even 
number. Some examples of odd numbers are −5, 3, 29, and 73."}
{'question': 'is there a word with q without u', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Of the 71 words in this
 list, 67 are nouns, and most would generally be considered loanwords; the only modern-English words
 that contain Q not followed by U are qiana, qwerty, and 
tranq. However, all of the loanwords on this list are considered to be naturalised in English accord
ing to at least one major dictionary (see References), often because they refer to concepts or socie
tal roles that do not have an accurate equivalent in English. For words to appear here, they must ap
pear in their own entry in a dictionary; words which occur only as part of a longer phrase are not i
ncluded.'}
{'question': 'can u drive in canada with us license', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Persons driving in
to Canada must have proof of insurance."}
{'question': 'is there a play off for third place in the world cup', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The
 knockout stage of the 2018 FIFA World Cup was the second and final stage of the competition, follow
ing the group stage. It began on 30 June with the round of 16 and ended on 15 July with the final ma
tch, held at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow. The top two teams from each group (16 in total) advance
d to the knockout stage to compete in a single-elimination style tournament. A third place play-off 
was also played.'}
