{'question': 'will there be a second season of 11.22.63', 'answer': False, 'passage': "When asked ab
out developing a sequel series, King stated ``I'd love to revisit Jake and Sadie, and also revisit t
he rabbit hole that dumps people into the past, but sometimes it's best not to go back for a second 
helping.''."}
{'question': 'are there nuclear power plants in the us', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Nuclear power i
n the United States is provided by 99 commercial reactors with a net capacity of 100,350 megawatts (
MW), 65 pressurized water reactors and 34 boiling water reactors. In 2016 they produced a total of 8
05.3 terawatt-hours of electricity, which accounted for 19.7% of the nation's total electric energy 
generation. In 2016, nuclear energy comprised nearly 60 percent of U.S. emission-free generation."}
{'question': 'is there a tiebreaker in final set at wimbledon', 'answer': False, 'passage': "The tie
break is sometimes not employed for the final set of a match and an advantage set is used instead. T
herefore, the deciding set must be played until one player or team has won two more games than the o
pponent. This is true in three of the four major tennis championships, all except the US Open where 
a tiebreak is played even in the deciding set (fifth set for the men, third set for the women) at 6-
-6. A tiebreak is not played in the deciding set in the other three majors -- the Australian Open, t
he French Open, and Wimbledon. (When the tiebreak was first introduced at Wimbledon in 1971, it was 
invoked at 8--8 rather than 6--6.) The US Open holds ``Super Saturday'' where the two men's semi-fin
als are played along with the women's final on the second Saturday of the event; therefore a tie-bre
ak is more prudent where player rest and scheduling is more important."}
{'question': 'were the twin towers the world trade center', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The original
 World Trade Center was a large complex of seven buildings in Lower Manhattan, New York City, United
 States. It featured the landmark Twin Towers, which opened on April 4, 1973 and were destroyed in 2
001 during the September 11 attacks. At the time of their completion, the Twin Towers -- the origina
l 1 World Trade Center, at 1,368 feet (417 m); and 2 World Trade Center, at 1,362 feet (415.1 m) -- 
were the tallest buildings in the world. Other buildings in the complex included the Marriott World 
Trade Center (3 WTC), 4 WTC, 5 WTC, 6 WTC, and 7 WTC. The complex was located in New York City's Fin
ancial District and contained 13,400,000 square feet (1,240,000 m) of office space."}
{'question': 'did deion sanders ever win a world series', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'Sanders playe
d football primarily at cornerback, but also as a kick returner, punt returner, and occasionally wid
e receiver. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Atlanta Falcons, the San Francis
co 49ers, the Dallas Cowboys, the Washington Redskins and the Baltimore Ravens, winning the Super Bo
wl with both the 49ers and the Cowboys. An outfielder in baseball, he played professionally for the 
New York Yankees, the Atlanta Braves, the Cincinnati Reds and the San Francisco Giants, and particip
ated in the 1992 World Series with the Braves. He attended Florida State University, where he was re
cognized as a two-time All-American in football, and also played baseball and ran track.'}
{'question': 'is a german shepard the same as an alsatian', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The German S
hepherd (German: Deutscher Schäferhund, German pronunciation: (ˈʃɛːfɐˌhʊnt)) is a breed of medium to
 large-sized working dog that originated in Germany. The breed's officially recognized name is Germa
n Shepherd Dog in the English language (sometimes abbreviated as GSD). The breed is known as the Als
atian in Britain and Ireland. The German Shepherd is a relatively new breed of dog, with their origi
n dating to 1899. As part of the Herding Group, German Shepherds are working dogs developed original
ly for herding sheep. Since that time however, because of their strength, intelligence, trainability
, and obedience, German Shepherds around the world are often the preferred breed for many types of w
ork, including disability assistance, search-and-rescue, police and military roles, and even acting.
 The German Shepherd is the second-most registered breed by the American Kennel Club and seventh-mos
t registered breed by The Kennel Club in the United Kingdom."}
{'question': 'does a frog jump out of boiling water', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'While some 19th-ce
ntury experiments suggested that the underlying premise is true if the heating is sufficiently gradu
al, according to contemporary biologists the premise is false: a frog that is gradually heated will 
jump out. Indeed, thermoregulation by changing location is a fundamentally necessary survival strate
gy for frogs and other ectotherms.'}
{'question': 'is it possible to create mass from energy', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'In high-energy
 particle colliders, matter creation events have yielded a wide variety of exotic heavy particles pr
ecipitating out of colliding photon jets (see two-photon physics). Currently, two-photon physics stu
dies creation of various fermion pairs both theoretically and experimentally (using particle acceler
ators, air showers, radioactive isotopes, etc.).'}
{'question': 'is there a movie with 0 on rotten tomatoes', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'On the film r
eview aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, films that all surveyed critics consider bad have a 0% ra
ting. Some of these are often considered some of the worst films ever made.'}
{'question': 'is the jaguar s type rear wheel drive', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'From model years 1
999 to 2002, the rear-wheel-drive S-Type was equipped with either a five-speed manual (Getrag 221) o
r a five-speed J-Gate Ford 5R55N transmission . From 2003, the S-Type was produced with either a 5-s
peed manual transmission or a six-speed J-Gate transmission that allows automatic gear selection or 
clutchless manual gear selection. The 2004 diesel saw the introduction of a 6-speed manual transmiss
ion; it was also available with the six-speed J-Gate automatic transmission.'}
