{'question': 'can minors drink with parents in new york', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'In response to
 the National Minimum Drinking Age Act in 1984, which reduced by up to 10% the federal highway fundi
ng of any state which did not have a minimum purchasing age of 21, the New York Legislature raised t
he drinking age from 19 to 21, effective December 1, 1985. (The drinking age had been 18 for many ye
ars before the first raise on December 4th, 1982, to 19.) Persons under 21 are prohibited from purch
asing alcohol or possessing alcohol with the intent to consume, unless the alcohol was given to that
 person by their parent or legal guardian. There is no law prohibiting where people under 21 may pos
sess or consume alcohol that was given to them by their parents. Persons under 21 are prohibited fro
m having a blood alcohol level of 0.02% or higher while driving.'}
{'question': 'is the show bloodline based on a true story', 'answer': False, 'passage': "Bloodline w
as announced in October 2014 as part of a partnership between Netflix and Sony Pictures Television, 
representing Netflix's first major deal with a major film studio for a television series. The series
 was created and executive produced by Todd A. Kessler, Glenn Kessler, and Daniel Zelman, who previo
usly created the FX series Damages. According to its official synopsis released by Netflix, Bloodlin
e ``centers on a close-knit family of four adult siblings whose secrets and scars are revealed when 
their black sheep brother returns home.''"}
{'question': 'is it bad to wash your hair with shower gel', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Shower gels 
for men may contain the ingredient menthol, which gives a cooling and stimulating sensation on the s
kin, and some men's shower gels are also designed specifically for use on hair and body. Shower gels
 contain milder surfactant bases than shampoos, and some also contain gentle conditioning agents in 
the formula. This means that shower gels can also double as an effective and perfectly acceptable su
bstitute to shampoo, even if they are not labelled as a hair and body wash. Washing hair with shower
 gel should give approximately the same result as using a moisturising shampoo."}
{'question': 'is the liver part of the excretory system', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The liver deto
xifies and breaks down chemicals, poisons and other toxins that enter the body. For example, the liv
er transforms ammonia (which is poisonous) into urea in fish, amphibians and mammals, and into uric 
acid in birds and reptiles. Urea is filtered by the kidney into urine or through the gills in fish a
nd tadpoles. Uric acid is paste-like and expelled as a semi-solid waste (the ``white'' in bird excre
ments). The liver also produces bile, and the body uses bile to break down fats into usable fats and
 unusable waste."}
{'question': 'is fantastic beasts and where to find them a prequel', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Fan
tastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a 2016 fantasy film directed by David Yates. A joint British
 and American production, it is a spin-off and prequel to the Harry Potter film series, and it was p
roduced and written by J.K. Rowling in her screenwriting debut, and inspired by her 2001 book of the
 same name. The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander, with Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, A
lison Sudol, Ezra Miller, Samantha Morton, Jon Voight, Carmen Ejogo, Ron Perlman, Colin Farrell and 
Johnny Depp in supporting roles. It is the first installment in the Fantastic Beasts film series, an
d ninth overall in the Wizarding World franchise, that began with the Harry Potter films.'}
{'question': 'will there be a season 8 of vampire diaries', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The Vampire 
Diaries, an American supernatural drama, was renewed for an eighth season by The CW on March 11, 201
6. On July 23, 2016, the CW announced that the upcoming season would be the series' last and would c
onsist of 16 episodes. The season premiered on October 21, 2016 and concluded on March 10, 2017."}
{'question': 'was the movie strangers based on a true story', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The Strang
ers is a 2008 American slasher film written and directed by Bryan Bertino. Kristen (Liv Tyler) and J
ames (Scott Speedman) are expecting a relaxing weekend at a family vacation home, but their stay tur
ns out to be anything but peaceful as three masked torturers leave Kristen and James struggling for 
survival. Writer-director Bertino was inspired by real-life events: the Manson family Tate murders, 
a multiple homicide; the Keddie Cabin Murders, that occurred in California in 1981; and a series of 
break-ins that occurred in his own neighborhood as a child. Made on a budget of $9 million, the film
 was shot on location in rural South Carolina in the fall of 2006.'}
{'question': 'is durham university part of the russell group', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'In March 
2012 it was announced that four universities -- Durham, Exeter, Queen Mary University of London; and
 York -- would become members of the Russell Group in August of the same year. All of the new member
s had previously been members of the 1994 Group of British universities.'}
{'question': 'is the tv show the resident over for the season', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The Resi
dent is an American medical drama television series aired by Fox Broadcasting Company that premiered
 on January 21, 2018, as a mid-season replacement entry in the 2017--18 television season. The ficti
onal series focuses on the lives and duties of staff members at Chastain Park Memorial Hospital, whi
le delving into the bureaucratic practices of the hospital industry. Formerly called The City, the s
how was purchased by Fox from Showtime in 2017. It was created by created by Amy Holden Jones, Hayle
y Schore, and Roshan Sethi. On May 10, 2017, Fox ordered a full 14-episode season and renewed the se
ries for a second season on May 7, 2018. The first season officially concluded on May 14, 2018.'}
{'question': 'does magnesium citrate have citric acid in it', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Magnesium 
citrate is a magnesium preparation in salt form with citric acid in a 1:1 ratio (1 magnesium atom pe
r citrate molecule). The name ``magnesium citrate'' is ambiguous and sometimes may refer to other sa
lts such as trimagnesium citrate which has a magnesium:citrate ratio of 3:2."}
