{'question': 'does deadpool have a kid in the comics', 'answer': True, 'passage': "As part of Marvel
's Marvel NOW! initiative a new Deadpool ongoing series was launched, written by Brian Posehn and Ge
rry Duggan and illustrated by Tony Moore. He is also a member of the Thunderbolts. In the 27th issue
 of his new series, as part of ``All-New Marvel NOW!'', Deadpool was married for the third time. Ini
tially a secret, his bride was revealed in the webcomic Deadpool: The Gauntlet to be Shiklah, Queen 
of the Undead. Deadpool also discovers that he has a daughter by the name of Eleanor from a former f
lame of Deadpool named Carmelita."}
{'question': 'do they still make benson & hedges cigarettes', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Benson & H
edges is a British brand of cigarettes owned by either Philip Morris International, British American
 Tobacco, or Japan Tobacco, depending on the region. In the UK, they are registered in Old Bond Stre
et in London, and are manufactured in Lisnafillan, Ballymena, Northern Ireland.'}
{'question': 'is federal income tax the same as social security', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'The C
ommonwealth government has its own tax laws and Puerto Ricans are also required to pay some US feder
al taxes, although most residents do not have to pay the federal personal income tax. In 2009, Puert
o Rico paid $3.742 billion into the US Treasury. Residents of Puerto Rico pay into Social Security, 
and are thus eligible for Social Security benefits upon retirement. However, they are excluded from 
the Supplemental Security Income.'}
{'question': 'is an engine speed sensor the same as a crankshaft sensor', 'answer': True, 'passage':
 "The crank sensor can be used in combination with a similar camshaft position sensor to monitor the
 relationship between the pistons and valves in the engine, which is particularly important in engin
es with variable valve timing. This method is also used to ``synchronise'' a four stroke engine upon
 starting, allowing the management system to know when to inject the fuel. It is also commonly used 
as the primary source for the measurement of engine speed in revolutions per minute."}
{'question': 'is indiana jones temple of doom a prequel', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Indiana Jones 
and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 American action-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg. It is 
the second installment in the Indiana Jones franchise and a prequel to the 1981 film Raiders of the 
Lost Ark, featuring Harrison Ford reprising his role as the title character. After arriving in North
 India, Indiana Jones is asked by desperate villagers to find a mystical stone and rescue their chil
dren from a Thuggee cult practicing child slavery, black magic and ritual human sacrifice in honor o
f the goddess Kali.'}
{'question': 'is there any next part of avengers infinity war', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The unti
tled Avengers film, colloquially referred to as Avengers 4, is an upcoming American superhero film b
ased on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by
 Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is intended to be the direct sequel to 2018's Avengers: Inf
inity War, as well as the sequel to 2012's Marvel's The Avengers and 2015's Avengers: Age of Ultron 
and the twenty-second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Anthony a
nd Joe Russo, with a screenplay by the writing team of Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, and f
eatures an ensemble cast with many actors from previous MCU films."}
{'question': 'is the toyota highlander on a truck frame', 'answer': False, 'passage': "Announced in 
April 2000 at the New York Auto Show and arriving in late 2000 in Japan and January 2001 in North Am
erica, the Highlander became one of the first car-based mid-size SUV or mid-size crossovers. The Hig
hlander is the crossover counterpart to the more rugged, truck-based midsize 4Runner and became Toyo
ta's best-selling SUV before being surpassed by the smaller RAV4 in 2006. In Japan, the Kluger is ex
clusive to dealership network called Toyota NETZ as a larger alternative to the RAV4."}
{'question': 'is it legal to do a cover of a song', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Since the Copyright 
Act of 1909, United States musicians have had the right to record a version of someone else's previo
usly recorded and released tune, whether it is music alone or music with lyrics. A license can be ne
gotiated between representatives of the interpreting artist and the copyright holder, or recording p
ublished tunes can fall under a mechanical license whereby the recording artist pays a standard roya
lty to the original author/copyright holder through an organization such as the Harry Fox Agency, an
d is safe under copyright law even if they do not have any permission from the original author. A si
milar service was provided by Limelight by RightsFlow, until January 2015, when they announced they 
will be closing their service. The U.S. Congress introduced the mechanical license to head off an at
tempt by the Aeolian Company to monopolize the piano roll market."}
{'question': 'can carbon form polar covalent bonds with hydrogen', 'answer': False, 'passage': "The 
carbon-hydrogen bond (C--H bond) is a bond between carbon and hydrogen atoms that can be found in ma
ny organic compounds. This bond is a covalent bond meaning that carbon shares its outer valence elec
trons with up to four hydrogens. This completes both of their outer shells making them stable. Carbo
n--hydrogen bonds have a bond length of about 1.09 Å (1.09 × 10 m) and a bond energy of about 413 kJ
/mol (see table below). Using Pauling's scale--C (2.55) and H (2.2)--the electronegativity differenc
e between these two atoms is 0.35. Because of this small difference in electronegativities, the C−H 
bond is generally regarded as being non-polar. In structural formulas of molecules, the hydrogen ato
ms are often omitted. Compound classes consisting solely of C--H bonds and C--C bonds are alkanes, a
lkenes, alkynes, and aromatic hydrocarbons. Collectively they are known as hydrocarbons."}
{'question': 'is there a sequel to the movie the golden compass', 'answer': False, 'passage': "In 20
11, Philip Pullman remarked at the British Humanist Association annual conference that due to the fi
rst film's disappointing sales in the United States, there would not be any sequels made."}
