{'question': 'does p o box come before street address', 'answer': False, 'passage': "Street Addressi
ng will have the same street address of the post office, plus a ``unit number'' that matches the P.O
. Box number. As an example, in El Centro, California, the post office is located at 1598 Main Stree
t. Therefore, for P.O. Box 9975 (fictitious), the Street Addressing would be: 1598 Main Street Unit 
9975, El Centro, CA. Nationally, the first five digits of the zip code may or may not be the same as
 the P.O. Box address, and the last four digits (Zip + 4) are virtually always different. Except for
 a few of the largest post offices in the U.S., the 'Street Addressing' (not the P.O. Box address) n
ine digit Zip + 4 is the same for all boxes at a given location."}
{'question': 'does a spark plug keep an engine running', 'answer': True, 'passage': "A spark plug (s
ometimes, in British English, a sparking plug, and, colloquially, a plug) is a device for delivering
 electric current from an ignition system to the combustion chamber of a spark-ignition engine to ig
nite the compressed fuel/air mixture by an electric spark, while containing combustion pressure with
in the engine. A spark plug has a metal threaded shell, electrically isolated from a central electro
de by a porcelain insulator. The central electrode, which may contain a resistor, is connected by a 
heavily insulated wire to the output terminal of an ignition coil or magneto. The spark plug's metal
 shell is screwed into the engine's cylinder head and thus electrically grounded. The central electr
ode protrudes through the porcelain insulator into the combustion chamber, forming one or more spark
 gaps between the inner end of the central electrode and usually one or more protuberances or struct
ures attached to the inner end of the threaded shell and designated the side, earth, or ground elect
rode(s)."}
{'question': 'is a cape and a cloak the same', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Ladies may wear a long (o
ver the shoulders or to ankles) cloak usually called a cape, or a full-length cloak. Gentlemen wear 
an ankle-length or full-length cloak. Formal cloaks often have expensive, colored linings and trimmi
ngs such as silk, satin, velvet and fur.'}
{'question': 'does it cost money to renounce us citizenship', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Renunciati
on of U.S. citizenship was free until July 2010, at which time a fee of $450 was established. An inc
rease to $2,350, effective September 12, 2014, was justified as ``reflective of the true cost'' of p
rocessing. This followed a fee increase of approximately 220% in 2013. The increase took effect in J
anuary 2015."}
{'question': 'is a fire 7 the same as a kindle', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The Fire Tablet, former
ly called the Kindle Fire, is a tablet computer developed by Amazon.com. Built with Quanta Computer,
 the Kindle Fire was first released in November 2011, featuring a color 7-inch multi-touch display w
ith IPS technology and running a custom version of Google's Android operating system called Fire OS.
 The Kindle Fire HD followed in September 2012, and the Kindle Fire HDX in September 2013. In Septem
ber 2014, when the fourth generation was introduced, the name ``Kindle'' was dropped. In September 2
015, the fifth generation Fire 7 was released, followed by the sixth generation Fire HD 8, in Septem
ber 2016. The seventh generation Fire 7 was released in June 2017."}
{'question': 'can you drink alcohol with your parents in wisconsin', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The
 drinking age in Wisconsin is 21. Those under the legal drinking age may be served, possess, or cons
ume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age. Those
 age 18-20 may also be served, possess or consumer alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian
, or spouse who is of legal drinking age. Those age 18 to 20 may also possess (but not consume) alco
hol as part of their employment.'}
{'question': 'do penguins have feathers arising from the epidermis', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Con
tour feathers are not uniformly distributed on the skin of the bird except in some groups such as th
e penguins, ratites and screamers. In most birds the feathers grow from specific tracts of skin call
ed pterylae; between the pterylae there are regions which are free of feathers called apterylae (or 
apteria). Filoplumes and down may arise from the apterylae. The arrangement of these feather tracts,
 pterylosis or pterylography, varies across bird families and has been used in the past as a means f
or determining the evolutionary relationships of bird families.'}
{'question': 'do you need to break in a car', 'answer': False, 'passage': "A new engine is broken in
 by following specific driving guidelines during the first few hours of its use. The focus of breaki
ng in an engine is on the contact between the piston rings of the engine and the cylinder wall. Ther
e is no universal preparation or set of instructions for breaking in an engine. Most importantly, ex
perts disagree on whether it is better to start engines on high or low power to break them in. While
 there are still consequences to an unsuccessful break-in, they are harder to quantify on modern eng
ines than on older models. In general, people no longer break in the engines of their own vehicles a
fter purchasing a car or motorcycle, because the process is done in production. It is still common, 
even today, to find that an owner's manual recommends gentle use at first (often specified as the fi
rst 500 or 1000 kilometres or miles). But it is usually only normal use without excessive demands th
at is specified, as opposed to light/limited use. For example, the manual will specify that the car 
be driven normally, but not in excess of the highway speed limit."}
{'question': 'is the enchanted forest in oregon still open', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The Enchant
ed Forest is an amusement park located in Turner in the U.S. state of Oregon, next to Interstate 5 j
ust south of Salem. Creator Roger Tofte opened the park in 1971 after seven years of construction. T
oday, the Tofte family still owns and operates the 20-acre (8.1 ha) park.'}
{'question': 'is there a golf course at the indy 500', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'On the grounds of
 the speedway is the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Museum, which opened in 1956, and houses the Auto R
acing Hall of Fame. The museum moved into its current building located in the infield in 1976. Also 
on the grounds is the Brickyard Crossing Golf Resort, which originally opened as the Speedway Golf C
ourse in 1929. The golf course has 14 holes outside the track, along the backstretch, and four holes
 in the infield. The speedway also served as the venue for the opening ceremonies for the 1987 Pan A
merican Games.'}
