{'question': 'can an emt-basic start an iv', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'EMT-I/85 is a level of EMT
-I training formulated by the National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians in 1985. This train
ing level includes more invasive procedures than are covered at the EMT-Basic level, including IV th
erapy, the use of advanced airway devices, and provides for advanced assessment skills. The EMT-I/85
 typically administered the same medications as an EMT-B (oxygen, oral glucose, activated charcoal, 
epinephrine auto-injectors (EpiPens), nitroglycerin, and metered-dose inhalers such as albuterol). H
owever, in some states they were also allowed to administer naloxone, D50, and glucagon. Like all ot
her EMT levels, their scope of practice was governed by the state and/or their Medical Director.'}
{'question': 'has no 1 court at wimbledon got a roof', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'In April 2013, t
he All England Club confirmed its intention to build a retractable roof over No.1 Court. The roof is
 expected to be in place for the 2019 Championships.'}
{'question': 'has anyone come back from 3-0 in the nba finals', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'The fol
lowing is the list of teams to overcome 3--1 series deficits by winning three straight games to win 
a best-of-seven playoff series. In the history of major North American pro sports, teams that were d
own 3--1 in the series came back and won the series 52 times, more than half of them were accomplish
ed by National Hockey League (NHL) teams. Teams overcame 3--1 deficit in the final championship roun
d eight times, six were accomplished by Major League Baseball (MLB) teams in the World Series. Teams
 overcoming 3--0 deficit by winning four straight games were accomplished five times, four times in 
the NHL and once in MLB.'}
{'question': 'do radio waves travel at the speed of light', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Radio waves 
are a type of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum longer than
 infrared light. Radio waves have frequencies as high as 300 gigahertz (GHz) to as low as 30 hertz (
Hz). At 300 GHz, the corresponding wavelength is 1 mm, and at 30 Hz is 10,000 km. Like all other ele
ctromagnetic waves, radio waves travel at the speed of light. They are generated by electric charges
 undergoing acceleration, such as time varying electric currents. Naturally occurring radio waves ar
e emitted by lightning and astronomical objects.'}
{'question': 'did anyone from the 1980 us hockey team play in the nhl', 'answer': True, 'passage': '
Of the 20 players on Team USA, 13 eventually played in the NHL. Five of them went on to play over 50
0 NHL games, and three would play over 1,000 NHL games.'}
{'question': 'do all triangles have at least two acute angles', 'answer': True, 'passage': "An acute
 triangle is a triangle with all three angles acute (less than 90°). An obtuse triangle is one with 
one obtuse angle (greater than 90°) and two acute angles. Since a triangle's angles must sum to 180°
, no triangle can have more than one obtuse angle."}
{'question': 'is baylor and mary hardin baylor the same school', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The Uni
versity of Mary Hardin--Baylor (UMHB) is a Christian co-educational institution of higher learning l
ocated in Belton, Texas, United States. UMHB was chartered by the Republic of Texas in 1845 as Baylo
r Female College, the female department of what is now Baylor University. It has since become its ow
n institution and grown to 3,914 students and awards degrees at the baccalaureate, master's, and doc
toral levels. It is affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas."}
{'question': 'can you get the death penalty as a minor', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'Capital punish
ment for juveniles in the United States existed until March 1, 2005, when the U.S. Supreme Court ban
ned it in Roper v. Simmons.'}
{'question': 'did indian football team qualified for fifa 2018', 'answer': False, 'passage': "India 
has never participated in the FIFA World Cup, although the team did qualify by default for the 1950 
World Cup after all the other nations in their qualification group withdrew. However, India withdrew
 prior to the beginning of the tournament. The team has also appeared three times in the Asia's top 
football competition, the AFC Asian Cup. Their best result in the competition occurred in 1964 when 
the team finished as runners-up. India also participate in the SAFF Championship, the top regional f
ootball competition in South Asia. They have won the tournament six times since it began in 1993."}
{'question': 'are t rex and tyrannosaurus rex the same', 'answer': True, 'passage': "Tyrannosaurus i
s a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur. The species Tyrannosaurus rex (rex meaning ``king'' i
n Latin), often colloquially called simply T. rex or T-Rex, is one of the most well-represented of t
he large theropods. Tyrannosaurus lived throughout what is now western North America, on what was th
en an island continent known as Laramidia. Tyrannosaurus had a much wider range than other tyrannosa
urids. Fossils are found in a variety of rock formations dating to the Maastrichtian age of the uppe
r Cretaceous Period, 68 to 66 million years ago. It was the last known member of the tyrannosaurids,
 and among the last non-avian dinosaurs to exist before the Cretaceous--Paleogene extinction event."
}
