{'question': 'is a tablespoon bigger than a dessert spoon', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'As a unit of
 culinary measure, a level dessertspoon (dstspn.) equals two teaspoons, or 10 milliliters, whereas a
 U.S. tablespoon is three teaspoons (15ml or half a fluid ounce) in the U.S., and two dessertspoons,
 i.e. four teaspoons (20ml or two thirds of a fluid ounce) in Britain and Australia, which is the ol
d British standard. For dry ingredients, a rounded or heaped teaspoonful is often specified instead.
'}
{'question': "is this the last season of bunk'd", 'answer': True, 'passage': "The series was renewed
 for a third season by Disney Channel on August 31, 2017. On June 1, 2018, it was announced that Pey
ton List, Karan Brar, Skai Jackson, and Miranda May would be returning for the third season and that
 Raphael Alejandro, Will Buie Jr., and Mallory Mahoney would be joining the cast. The third season p
remiered on Disney Channel on June 18, 2018. In March 2018, actress Skai Jackson stated in an interv
iew that she was leaving Disney and that Bunk'd would end with the third season."}
{'question': 'does the president live in the white house', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The White Hou
se is the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States. It is located at 1
600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington, D.C. and has been the residence of every U.S. President si
nce John Adams in 1800. The term is often used as a metonym for the president and his advisers.'}
{'question': 'does the dorsal root ganglion carry sensory input', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'A dors
al root ganglion (or spinal ganglion) (also known as a posterior root ganglion), is a cluster of neu
rons (a ganglion) in a dorsal root of a spinal nerve. The cell bodies of sensory neurons known as fi
rst-order neurons are located in the dorsal root ganglia.'}
{'question': 'is anne with an e filmed on pei', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The series is filmed par
tially in Prince Edward Island as well as locations in Southern Ontario (including Millbrook and Cal
edon).'}
{'question': 'is angular frequency and angular velocity the same', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'Angu
lar frequency (or angular speed) is the magnitude of the vector quantity angular velocity. The term 
angular frequency vector ω → (\\displaystyle (\\vec (\\omega ))) is sometimes used as a synonym for 
the vector quantity angular velocity.'}
{'question': 'can someone die from a bullet shot in the air', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Bullets fi
red into the air usually fall back with terminal velocities much lower than their muzzle velocity wh
en they leave the barrel of a firearm. Nevertheless, people can be injured, sometimes fatally, when 
bullets discharged into the air fall back down to the ground. Bullets fired at angles less than vert
ical are more dangerous as the bullet maintains its angular ballistic trajectory and is far less lik
ely to engage in tumbling motion; it therefore travels at speeds much higher than a bullet in free f
all.'}
{'question': 'is salt lake city the biggest city in utah', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Salt Lake Cit
y (often shortened to Salt Lake and abbreviated as SLC) is the capital and the most populous municip
ality of the U.S. state of Utah. With an estimated population of 190,884 in 2014, the city is the co
re of the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, which has a population of 1,153,340 (2014 estimate). Sal
t Lake City is further situated within a larger metropolis known as the Salt Lake City--Ogden--Provo
 Combined Statistical Area. This region is a corridor of contiguous urban and suburban development s
tretched along an approximately 120-mile (190 km) segment of the Wasatch Front, comprising a populat
ion of 2,423,912 as of 2014. It is one of only two major urban areas in the Great Basin (the other i
s Reno, Nevada).'}
{'question': "was chasing cars written for grey's anatomy", 'answer': False, 'passage': "``Chasing C
ars'' is a song by Northern Irish alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released as the second s
ingle from their fourth studio album, Eyes Open (2006). It was recorded in 2005 and released on 6 Ju
ne 2006 in the United States and 24 July 2006 in the United Kingdom. The song gained significant pop
ularity in the US after being featured in the second season finale of the popular medical drama Grey
's Anatomy, which aired on 15 May 2006."}
{'question': 'did the girl in the lost world die', 'answer': False, 'passage': "On Isla Sorna, an is
land off the Pacific coast of Costa Rica, a young girl named Cathy Bowman wanders around during a fa
mily vacation, and survives an attack by a swarm of Compsognathus. Her parents file a lawsuit agains
t the genetics company InGen, now headed by John Hammond's nephew, Peter Ludlow, who plans to use Is
la Sorna to alleviate the financial losses imposed by the incident that occurred at Jurassic Park fo
ur years earlier. Mathematician Dr. Ian Malcolm meets Hammond at his mansion. Hammond explains that 
Isla Sorna, abandoned years earlier during a hurricane, is where InGen created their dinosaurs befor
e moving them to Jurassic Park on Isla Nublar. Hammond hopes to stop InGen by sending a team to Isla
 Sorna to document the dinosaurs, thus causing public support against human interference on the isla
nd. Ian, who survived the Jurassic Park disaster, is reluctant. After learning that his girlfriend, 
paleontologist Dr. Sarah Harding, is part of the team and is already on Isla Sorna, Ian agrees to go
 to the island, but only to retrieve her."}
