{'question': 'is the old panama canal still in use', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The new locks opene
d for commercial traffic on 26 June 2016, and the first ship to cross the canal using the third set 
of locks was a modern New Panamax vessel, the Chinese-owned container ship Cosco Shipping Panama. Th
e original locks, now over 100 years old, allow engineers greater access for maintenance, and are pr
ojected to continue operating indefinitely.'}
{'question': 'do you need a pal to possess ammunition', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'A possession and
 acquisition licence is a licence that allows individuals in Canada to possess and acquire firearms 
as well as ammunition. Licences are typically valid for five years and must be renewed prior to expi
ry to maintain all classes. If an individual possessing a PAL is convicted of certain offences, a PA
L can be revoked. If an individual does not renew their PAL prior to its expiration date or if they 
have their PAL revoked, they must legally dispose of any firearms in their possession. A licence for
 prohibited firearms can be issued to qualifying businesses, and very rarely to individuals (firearm
s they own, as the gun laws changed over time.) Previous convictions for serious violent, drug or we
apons offences almost invariably result in the denial of the application.'}
{'question': 'do blue and pink cotton candy taste the same', 'answer': False, 'passage': "Typically,
 once spun, cotton candy is only marketed by color. Absent a clear name other than 'blue', the disti
nctive taste of the blue raspberry flavor mix has gone on to become a compound flavor that some othe
r foods (gum, ice cream, rock candy, fluoride toothpaste) occasionally borrow (``cotton-candy flavor
ed ice cream'') to invoke the nostalgia of cotton candy that people typically only get to experience
 on vacation or holidays. Pink bubble gum went through a similar transition from specific branded pr
oduct to a generic flavor that transcended the original confection, and 'bubble gum flavor' often sh
ows up in the same product categories as 'cotton candy flavor'."}
{'question': 'did to kill a mockingbird win an academy award', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The film 
received overwhelmingly positive reviews from critics and was a box-office success, earning more tha
n six times its budget. The film won three Academy Awards, including Best Actor for Peck, and was no
minated for eight, including Best Picture.'}
{'question': 'is there such a thing as a floating island', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'A floating is
land is a mass of floating aquatic plants, mud, and peat ranging in thickness from several centimetr
es to a few metres. Floating islands are a common natural phenomenon that are found in many parts of
 the world. They exist less commonly as a man-made phenomenon. Floating islands are generally found 
on marshlands, lakes, and similar wetland locations, and can be many hectares in size.'}
{'question': "do female ferrets die if they don't mate", 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Males, if not n
eutered, are extremely musky. It is considered preferable to delay neutering until sexual maturity h
as been reached, at approximately six to eight months old, after the full descent of the testicles. 
Neutering the male will reduce the smell to almost nothing. The same applies for females, but spayin
g them is also important for their own health. Unless they are going to be used for breeding purpose
s, female ferrets will go into extended heat. A female that does not mate can die of aplastic anemia
 without medical intervention. It is possible to use a vasectomised male to take a female out of hea
t.'}
{'question': 'will all xbox 360 games work on xbox one', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'The Xbox One g
aming console has received updates from Microsoft since its launch in 2013 that enable it to play se
lect games from its two predecessor consoles, Xbox and Xbox 360. On June 15, 2015, backward compatib
ility with supported Xbox 360 games became available to eligible Xbox Preview program users with a b
eta update to the Xbox One system software. The dashboard update containing backward compatibility w
as released publicly on November 12, 2015. On October 24, 2017, another such update added games from
 the original Xbox library. The following is a list of all backward compatible games on Xbox One und
er this functionality.'}
{'question': 'is there a right and left brachiocephalic artery', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'There 
is no brachiocephalic artery for the left side of the body. The left common carotid, and the left su
bclavian artery, come directly off the aortic arch. However, there are two brachiocephalic veins.'}
{'question': 'do the runners up on survivor win money', 'answer': True, 'passage': "The Sole Survivo
r receives a cash prize of $1,000,000 prior to taxes and sometimes also receives a car provided by t
he show's sponsor. Every player receives a prize for participating on Survivor depending on how long
 he or she lasts in the game. In most seasons, the runner-up receives $100,000, and third place wins
 $85,000. All other players receive money on a sliding scale, though specific amounts have rarely be
en made public. Sonja Christopher, the first player voted off of Survivor: Borneo, received $2,500. 
In Survivor: Fiji, the first season with tied runners-up, the two runners-up received US$100,000 eac
h, and Yau-Man Chan received US$60,000 for his fourth-place finish. All players also receive an addi
tional $10,000 for their appearance on the reunion show."}
{'question': 'is there a sequel to love finds a home', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'Love Finds a Hom
e is a Christian drama film, the eighth and final installment based on a series of books by Janette 
Oke. It aired on Hallmark Channel on September 5, 2009. The film is based on the book Love Finds a H
ome by Janette Oke. Sarah Jones, Haylie Duff, and Jordan Bridges reprise their roles from Love Takes
 Wing.'}
