{'question': 'is columbus day a national holiday in the united states', 'answer': True, 'passage': "
Columbus Day is a national holiday in many countries of the Americas and elsewhere which officially 
celebrates the anniversary of Christopher Columbus's arrival in the Americas on October 12, 1492. Th
e landing is celebrated as ``Columbus Day'' in the United States, as ``Día de la Raza'' (``Day of th
e Race'') in some countries in Latin America, as ``Día de la Hispanidad'' and ``Fiesta Nacional'' in
 Spain, where it is also the religious festivity of la Virgen del Pilar, as Día de las Américas (Day
 of the Americas) in Belize and Uruguay, as Día del Respeto a la Diversidad Cultural (Day of Respect
 for Cultural Diversity) in Argentina, and as Giornata Nazionale di Cristoforo Colombo or Festa Nazi
onale di Cristoforo Colombo in Italy as well as in Little Italys around the world. As the day of rem
embrance of Our Lady of the Pillar, 12 October had been declared a religious feast day throughout th
e Spanish Empire in 1730; the secular Fiesta de la Raza Española was first proposed by Faustino Rodr
íguez-San Pedro y Díaz-Argüelles in 1913. In recent years, celebration of the holiday has faced some
 opposition from various organizations."}
{'question': 'are new balance and nike the same company', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'New Balance m
aintains a manufacturing presence in the United States, as well as in the United Kingdom for the Eur
opean market, where they produce some of their most popular models such as the 990 model--in contras
t to its competitors, which often manufacture exclusively outside the USA and Europe. As a result, N
ew Balance shoes tend to be more expensive than those of many other manufacturers. To offset this pr
icing difference, New Balance claims to differentiate their products with technical features, such a
s blended gel inserts, heel counters and a greater selection of sizes, particularly for very narrow 
and/or very wide widths. The company has made total profits of approximately $69 billion since 1992.
 They are the second most-renown American sporting company, after Nike.'}
{'question': 'is there an interstate that goes coast to coast', 'answer': True, 'passage': "U.S. Hig
hway 20 (US 20) is an east--west United States highway that stretches from the Pacific Northwest all
 the way to New England. The ``0'' in its route number indicates that US 20 is a coast-to-coast rout
e. Spanning 3,365 miles (5,415 km), it is the longest road in the United States, and particularly fr
om Idaho to Massachusetts, the route roughly parallels that of Interstate 90 (I-90), which is in tur
n the longest Interstate Highway in the U.S. There is a discontinuity in the official designation of
 US 20 through Yellowstone National Park, with unnumbered roads used to traverse the park."}
{'question': 'is pureed tomatoes the same as tomato sauce', 'answer': False, 'passage': 'Tomato puré
e is a thick liquid made by cooking and straining tomatoes. The difference between tomato paste, tom
ato purée, and tomato sauce is consistency; tomato puree has a thicker consistency and a deeper flav
our than sauce.'}
{'question': 'can there be a word without a vowel', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'English orthography 
typically represents vowel sounds with the five conventional vowel letters ⟨a, e, i, o, u⟩, as well 
as ⟨y⟩, which may also be a consonant depending on context. However, outside of abbreviations, there
 are a handful of words in English that do not have vowels, either because the vowel sounds are not 
written with vowel letters or because the words themselves are pronounced without vowel sounds.'}
{'question': 'does only the winner get money on tipping point', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'Tipping 
Point is a British television game show which began airing on ITV on 2 July 2012, and is presented b
y Ben Shephard. Four contestants answer general knowledge questions to win counters which they use o
n a large coin pusher arcade-style machine. Only the winner at the end has a chance to take home any
 money; the others leave with nothing except any non-cash prizes they may have won during the game.'
}
{'question': 'is there such a thing as a turkey vulture', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'The turkey vul
ture (Cathartes aura), also known in some North American regions as the turkey buzzard (or just buzz
ard), and in some areas of the Caribbean as the John crow or carrion crow, is the most widespread of
 the New World vultures. One of three species in the genus Cathartes of the family Cathartidae, the 
turkey vulture ranges from southern Canada to the southernmost tip of South America. It inhabits a v
ariety of open and semi-open areas, including subtropical forests, shrublands, pastures, and deserts
.'}
{'question': 'has anyone hit a hole in one on a par 5', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'As of October 20
08, a condor (four under par) hole-in-one on a par 5 hole had been recorded on four occasions, aided
 by thin air at high altitude, or by cutting the corner on a doglegged or horseshoe-shaped hole. A h
orseshoe-shaped par 5 hole once enabled a condor hole in one to be achieved with a 3-iron club. The 
longest recorded straight drive hole-in-one is believed to be 517 yards or 473 metres, on the par 5 
No. 9 hole at Green Valley Ranch Golf Club in Denver in 2002, aided by the thin air due to the high 
altitude. None of these four par 5 holes-in-one were achieved during a professional tournament. A co
ndor is also known as a double albatross, or a triple eagle.'}
{'question': 'do the jets and giants share a stadium', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'MetLife Stadium i
s an American sports stadium located in East Rutherford, New Jersey, 8 miles outside of New York Cit
y. It is part of the Meadowlands Sports Complex and serves as the home stadium for two National Foot
ball League (NFL) franchises: the New York Giants and the New York Jets. The stadium is owned by the
 MetLife Stadium Company, a joint venture of the Giants and Jets, who jointly built the stadium usin
g private funds on land owned by the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority. The stadium opened 
as New Meadowlands Stadium in 2010. In 2011, MetLife, an insurance company based in New York City, a
cquired the naming rights to the stadium. At a construction cost of approximately $1.6 billion, it w
as the most expensive stadium ever built, at the time it opened, and is the second-largest stadium i
n the NFL in terms of seating capacity.'}
{'question': 'is the us womens soccer team in the world cup', 'answer': True, 'passage': 'After the 
defeat in the 2016 Olympics, the USWNT underwent a year of experimentation which saw them losing 3 h
ome games. If not for a comeback win against Brazil, the USWNT was on the brink of losing 4 home gam
es in one year, a low never before seen by the USWNT. 2017 saw the USWNT play 12 games against teams
 ranked in the top-15 in the world. The USWNT heads into World Cup Qualifying in fall of 2018.'}
